Exercises 6.1 for CS344 lab06
Austin Gibson
March 8, 2019

6.1
1. We want the ML model to determine how successful a new video game will be.

2. The ideal outcome is to be able to suggest new video games that people will find entertaining, and worth their money.
   As video games can be expensive, being able to better predict how successful it might be,
   will help people on their decision to buy a game.

3. Our success metrics are the average review of the game, and the number of daily users.
   Success means predicting 90% of the most successful video games as measure by the reviews,
   and the number of daily users within a month of the game release.
   Failure means the number of successful video games predicted is no better than current heuristics.

4.  The output from our ML model will be whether the user enjoys the video game.
    The output is defined as the amount of time the user spent playing.
        If it is > a certain value, it is likely that they enjoy playing the game.

5. The output from the ML model will be made a month after the release of a new video game.
    The outcome will be used for further business logic such as a service that will give users
        a list of upcoming video games they may like.

6. If we didn't use ML, we would Use information from games previously release by the same company, or
    reviews from critics who receive early access to the video games.

7. Multi-class multi-label classification which predicts whether a video game will be {very popular, somewhat popular, not popular}

8. input: studio, game-type, multiplayer(Y/N), studios last release, production cost, game cost, critic reviews, user ratings.
   output: {very popular,etc}

9. Information about the studio & cost can be easily obtained, from either the company itself or online.
   There are sites that take critic reviews and user reviews to give ratings on the game.

10. Cost, critic reviews, and user ratings are 3 inputs that could give a good initial result.